Typo fix and clarify certificate requirements in saml.md (#5106)
elastic/docs-content: deploy-manage/users-roles/cluster-or-deployment-auth/saml.md

`signing.certificate`
:   The path to the PEM formatted certificate file. e.g. `saml/saml-sign.crt`

::::{note}
Only the single leaf certificate is required for the `signing.certificate` setting, even when using an internal or non-public Certificate Authority (CA).

> If additional certificates are included, Elasticsearch will attempt to validate the resulting chain, and the chain must be valid and complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If additional certificates are included, {{es}} attempts to validate the resulting chain, and the chain must be valid and complete.
```
(our product name variable, and we try to use present tense wherever possible)

`encryption.certificate`
:   The path to the PEM formatted certificate file. e.g. `saml/saml-crypt.crt`

::::{note}
Only the single leaf certificate is required for the `encryption.certificate` setting, even when using an internal or non-public Certificate Authority (CA).

> If additional certificates are included, Elasticsearch will attempt to validate the resulting chain, and the chain must be valid and complete.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If additional certificates are included, {{es}} attempts to validate the resulting chain, and the chain must be valid and complete.
```
